feat(curriculum): added the Tower of Hanoi Python project (#51347)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-recursion-by-solving-the-tower-of-hanoi-puzzle/64de773f81facd14653f49c8.md

---
id: 64de773f81facd14653f49c8
title: Step 34
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-34
---

# --description--

It looks like it's working! But the output is not very readable. Add a new line after printing the rods to fix that.

# --hints--

> Test 1

Reviewer: Tried and tested:

\# --hints--

You can move to a new line using `\n`.
```js
({ test: () => {
  assert.match(code, /print\(rods,'\\n'\)/);
  }
})
```

---
id: 64de773f81facd14653f49c8
title: Step 36
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-36
---

# --description--

> It looks like it's working! But the output is not very readable. Add a new line after printing the rods to fix that.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It looks like it's working! But the output is not very readable. Print a new line character after printing the rods to fix that.
```

# --hints--

> You should pass a string with a new line character (`\n`) as the second argument in both your `print(rods)` calls.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should pass a string with a new line character (`\n`) as the second argument for your two `print(rods)` calls.
```

```js
({ test: () => assert.match(code, /print\(\s*rods\s*,\s*('|")\\n\1\s*\)(?=.*print\(\s*rods\s*,\s*('|")\\n\2\s*\))/s) })
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py
NUMBER_OF_DISKS = 3

> number_of_moves = 2 ** NUMBER_OF_DISKS - 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
number_of_moves = 2**NUMBER_OF_DISKS - 1
```

rods = {
    'A': list(range(NUMBER_OF_DISKS, 0, -1)),
    'B': [],
    'C': []
}

def make_allowed_move(rod1, rod2):    
    forward = False
    if not rods[rod2]:
        forward = True
    elif rods[rod1] and rods[rod1][-1] < rods[rod2][-1]:

>         forward = True              
>     if forward:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        forward = True
                      
    if forward:
```
If these are different if statements, I would suggest adding a blank line between them.

        print(f'Moving disk {rods[rod1][-1]} from {rod1} to {rod2}')
        rods[rod2].append(rods[rod1].pop())
    else:
        print(f'Moving disk {rods[rod2][-1]} from {rod2} to {rod1}')
        rods[rod1].append(rods[rod2].pop())
--fcc-editable-region--        

>     # display our progress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Display our progress
```

    print(rods)

def move(n, source, auxiliary, target):

>     # display starting configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Display starting configuration
```

    print(rods)
--fcc-editable-region--    
    for i in range(number_of_moves):
        remainder = (i + 1) % 3
        if remainder == 1:
            print(f'Move {i + 1} allowed between {source} and {target}')
            make_allowed_move(source, target)
        elif remainder == 2:
            print(f'Move {i + 1} allowed between {source} and {auxiliary}')
            make_allowed_move(source, auxiliary)
        elif remainder == 0:
            print(f'Move {i + 1} allowed between {auxiliary} and {target}')
            make_allowed_move(auxiliary, target)

> # initiate call from source A to target C with auxiliary B

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Initiate call from source A to target C with auxiliary B
```
